Let's open up our React application and make a little change to this list of comments right here.
So I'm going to find my code editor up on the client directory inside there then CRC and remember all
the comments are being rendered inside of comment list.
Here's comment list.
Inside of comment list.
We iterate over all the different comments and produce an ly for each one.
So we probably want to take a look at the status of every comment and if it is equal to rejected or
pending, we don't really want to show this lie.
We probably want to show something else or at least change out the content inside of it.
So let's try putting together just a simple series of if statements.
I'm going to declare a new variable up here called content.
Let's then say if.
DOT status is equal to approved.
Then content can be the actual comments content.
If comment status is equal to.
Ending.
Lovely the content be.
This comment is awaiting moderation.
And then if comment status is rejected.
Content can instead be.
This comment has been rejected.
And of course, we could refactor these three statements into a switch statement instead, if you would
like.
I'll leave that up to you.
Then finally, rather than showing Comic-Con inside of here, I'll display whatever the value of content
is I'll put in content like so.
Okay.
Let's save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
And now you'll notice that the comment that had the word orange inside of it has now been replaced with
this comment has been rejected.
Very good.
I would like to also test out the case in which we do not undergo moderation immediately.
So this would be the case in which maybe it takes a human intervention.
Say something like 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 20 minutes to actually come in and moderate any given comment.
So if we do not get that status updated from pending over to rejected or approved, then we should instead
see this comment is awaiting moderation.
To simulate that case, we can go back over to our terminal and just shut down the moderation service
entirely.
So I'll go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to find the window that is running my moderation service.
I'm going to stop that operation.
And now we'll go and create a new comment.
I'll submit it.
So now that comment is going to be stuck in the pending state.
There's nothing to actually approve it and move it forward.
So we can now refresh and we should see this comment is awaiting moderation.
Awesome.
Okay.
So this looks pretty good.
But I want to point out that there is a downside to our application right now.
We just turned off the moderation service.
If we start up the moderation service again.
So I'll flip back over to my terminal and start it back up.
Well, now the moderation service is running, but the broker or our event bus tried to send an event
over while the moderation service was down.
So we're now in a scenario where we had a temporary interruption to our moderation service, but we
lost events in that window.
And so now our entire application is kind of out of sync, so to speak.
We don't have any way to kind of fast forward and get those missing events back over to our moderation
service.
So maybe that's something we should try to at least think about and figure out some way to fix.
Let's take a pause right here and see if we can't figure out some way of dealing with that in just a
moment.